README.md, before:

# Gemini

Gemini is a card game dashboard aimed to eventually support score tracking for a wide variety of card games.

List of currently supported games:

 1. Kali ki Begum

## Build and Installation

Use the package manager [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) to install the required backend dependencies. The frontend is generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.7. So, it can be built using the **ng build** command or the **npm install** command. Go to the project root and execute the following sequence of commands.

```bash
cd game-dashboard-backend
npm install
cd ../game-dashboard-frontend
ng build
```
## Deployment
- **Windows** - Run the **start.bat** file present in the root directory of the project from a command prompt window.
```
start.bat
```
- **Linux** - Run the **start.sh** script present in the root directory of the project from a terminal window.
```
./start.sh
```
- **Mac OS X/macOS** - 

## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. Please create a separate branch for any changes that you wish to make and once done, raise a pull and merge request against the master branch.

## License
To be added

Commit message:

Added proper message for mac start script
Added proper message for mac start script

README.md, after:

# Gemini

Gemini is a card game dashboard aimed to eventually support score tracking for a wide variety of card games.

List of currently supported games:

 1. Kali ki Begum

## Build and Installation

Use the package manager [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) to install the required backend dependencies. The frontend is generated using [Angular CLI](https://github.com/angular/angular-cli) version 7.3.7. So, it can be built using the **ng build** command or the **npm install** command. Go to the project root and execute the following sequence of commands.

```bash
cd game-dashboard-backend
npm install
cd ../game-dashboard-frontend
ng build
```
## Deployment
- **Windows** - Run the **start.bat** file present in the root directory of the project from a command prompt window.
```
start.bat
```
- **Linux** - Run the **start.sh** script present in the root directory of the project from a terminal window.
```
./start.sh
```
- **Mac OS X/macOS** - 
```
To be added (Should be fairly similar to the one for linux)
```
## Contributing
Pull requests are welcome. Please create a separate branch for any changes that you wish to make and once done, raise a pull and merge request against the master branch.

## License
To be added
